[[Notes to better myself]]
[[gesh clinical reasoning]]
Stuff that helps gesh when she gets brain block:
    * Study on campus.
    * Read it out to her.
    * Get her to write it down.

[[Gesh groceries]]
869 food cheap options:
    

[[Parasitology studying]]
    

Michigan state University

1. [X] Admission consideration is offered only to those current matriculates in an
American Veterinary Medical Association (AVMA) accredited veterinary medical
curriculum,who believe that there are extenuating circumstances that would
present significant hardship if they continue at their current institution.

<span style="color:#cc241d;">2. [ ] No
transfer students will be accepted if capacity of the current class is
exceeded.International Students requesting a transfer also must fulfill all
requirements set forth inthe International Student Admissions Policy.</span>

3. [X] Entry can be into years two or three only.
 
4. [X] Transfer students must enter the program
at the beginning of an academic year.

5. [ ] Applicants requesting a transfer must
contact the Dean of Academic and Student Success at the school they are
currently attending and notify him or her of their intent.

6. [ ] Applicants must demonstrate quality academic performance throughout their
professional school enrollment.

7. [ ] All selection criteria for regular applicants apply to transfer
applicants.

8. [X] Michigan residents requesting a transfer will receive
preference.

9. [ ] Personal interview by Associate Dean or the committee may be
required prior to acceptance and at the expense of the applicant.

10. [ ] The Associate Dean for Academic Programs and Student Success at MSU CVM
will review all applications before presenting a transfer request to the
Committee on Student Admissions.

11. [ ] The Associate Dean for Academic Programs and Student Success,
in consultation with the Committee on Student Admissions, will decide
whether the programs of the two schools are compatible and if further testing or
additional coursework is necessary to determine the applicant’s academic
strengths. Application Process

<span style="color:#cc241d;">1. [ ] Submit a formal letter justifying the request to transfer. </span>
[[gesh_letter]]

2. [ ] Submit current official transcripts, including all undergraduate
transcripts. International students must submit their official transcripts for
evaluation by one of the services established in the International Student
Admissions policy.

3. [ ] Submit at least three letters of reference from faculty
members from the college you are currently attending. One of these letters must
be from the Associate Dean for Academic Success of the current professional
program.

4. [ ] Submit curriculum information that would allow assessment of
academic experience. This information should be obtained from the Associate Dean
for Academic and Student Success of the current professional program.

5. [ ] Submit any additional documents or information requested by the Associate
Dean for Academic Programs and Student Success and the Committee on Student
Admissions.
 
6. [ ] Complete all examinations or remedial coursework required by the
Committee on Student Admissions.


== CURRENTLY SENT EMAIL REGARDING QUESTION 6 WAITING FOR REPLY! ==
TODO
1. [ ] Contact the Associate Dean for Academic and Student Success IN ROSS and
ask to obtain curricilum information.

waiting on reply from geshinis sister with an updated draft of her application
waiting for a reply from msu about questions i asked

