<span style="color:#d79921;"> "Did you come before to have preventetives and vaccines for your dog?"</span>

<span style="color:#d65d0e;">Yes, Madi loves coming to the vets, she's
been coming since i got her at 12 years old. She was in 6 weeks ago for her
booster vaccination and preventetives. She gets given haartguard every
month</span>

<span style="color:#d79921;">You mentioned that Madi has had diarrhea for 3
days. Can you describe the diarhea for me please?</span>

<span style="color:#d65d0e;">Its very smelly! She is toileting 3 times a day,
which is a little more than normal, Every time she goes she passes a lot of
brown, watery poop, I've not seen any blood and its not slimy.</span>

<span style="color:#d79921;">Have you seen any worms in her poop?</span>

<span style="color:#d65d0e;">No worms</span>

<span style="color:#d79921;">How is their eating and drinking? Was it a sudden change?</span>

<span style="color:#d65d0e;">She started being picky with her food and quieter
around the time that the diarrhea began but that has worsened and now she won't
eat and hasn't drunk anything today. She looks very sad. </span>

<span style="color:#d79921;">Has madi vomitted at all?</span>

<span style="color:#d65d0e;">No</span>

<span style="color:#d79921;">what have you offered her to eat?</span>

<span style="color:#d65d0e;">cooked scrambled eggs and rice but she didn't eat anything</span>

<span style="color:#d79921;">Has madi interacted with any dogs?</span>

<span style="color:#d65d0e;">No they haven't been to a dog park.</span>

<span style="color:#d79921;">Has madi had any previous illnesses.</span>

<span style="color:#d65d0e;">She did have diahreah once before, when she was
about 2. It lasted 2 or 3 days, and she kept eatong and was bright. Otherwise
only the ear infection she was in for last summer.</span>

<span style="color:#d79921;">Have you noticed any changes in her drinking or urination prior to this?</span>

<span style="color:#d65d0e;">Yes, she has been drinking a lot for the first 2
days. She has only been going for a wee once a day, and it's been a very dark
yellow. She had a wee this morning but nothing since.</span>

<span style="color:#d79921;">Have you noticed anything out unormal</span>

<span style="color:#d65d0e;">She has lost quite a bit of weight</span>

%% END OF TALKING WITH OWNER 

== physical exam ==
    * Both eyes appear to be slightly sunken, no inflammation, or ocular discharge.
      conjunctival membaranes are salmon pink

    * Dry nose, but no discharge

    * Clean teeth, gums feel dry, mucus membranes are pink. 

    <span style="color:#cc241d;">* Capillary refill time(CRT) is 3 seconds</span>
    
    * Weight is 5/9 (ideal
    * No abnormal sounds in trachea area
    * Right hemithorax, no abnormal sounds
<span style="color:#cc241d;">    * intestines are fluid filled and the urinary bladder is small</span>
    * 18 bpm
    * 120 hr
    * Temp is 39.9C with liquid feces on thermometer sleve (IDEAL RANGE 38.0 -
      39.2)

== Summary ==
    * No vommit
    * No worms in poop
<span style="color:#cc241d;">    * Not eating or drinking</span>
<span style="color:#cc241d;">    * Has had diarrhea for the last three days, brown</span>
<span style="color:#cc241d;">    * Intestines are fluid filled and the urinary bladder is small</span>
    <span style="color:#cc241d;">* Capillary refill time (CRT) is 3 seconds</span>
<span style="color:#cc241d;">    * Temp is 39.9C with liquid feces on thermometer sleve (IDEAL RANGE 38.0 -
      39.2)</span>
<span style="color:#cc241d;">    * Has been losing weight</span>

== Refined list ==
<span style="background:#b16286;">    * Volume depletion</span>
<span style="background:#b16286;">    * diahriah - small bowell/(inappetence/anorexia)</span>


